Hello, in this video we are going to do a search
of an article through the WebMed page,
which is a medical encyclopedia for students
of health engineering and medicine.
On the left side of the screen
we see a navigation bar with
the different sections presented by the
home page, such as website map,
medical items finder, form
registry, alphabetical index and featured topics.
To search for the item we want, we go to the alphabetical index and look for an article that
For example, start with the letter A,we standabout the letter for which we want to search
the article in this case the letter A and we click.
We are shown a new screen with a list
of diseases and articles where we can
choose the one we want, for example Alzheimer's.
It redirects us to a page where we are
shows the chosen article, Alzheimer's,
with different aspects about this disease.
On the left side of the screen we return
find a navigation bar with the
different characteristics of the disease such as
description, causes, symptoms, tests and examinations,
treatments, expectations and parts of the brain,
This organization will be maintained by the majority of
the items depending on the importance
that they have in certain parts of the body.
Using the keyboard tab we can
access to jump to the main content, which
position at the beginning of the article starting with
description. Furthermore, by selecting the section
that we want to investigate, for example, causes,
we are redirected to that part of the web page
where this characteristic is described to us.
After finishing reading the article we can accessagain to the index of the letter A or to the main
page to be able to do a search for anotherarticle that begins with a different letter
for example the L we select an article and as
we have said before we can see that they have a
similar content. This would be the process for
search for an article on our website,
If you have any questions or concerns
you can contact us through
from our contact form that
You will find it at the bottom of all pages.
Fill in the fields and send us your request,
Thank you very much and until the next video.